add python 3.7 deprecation in changelog.md (#1955)
adap/flower: doc/source/changelog.md

### What's new?

- **Deprecate Python 3.7**

>   Since Python 3.7 reached its end of life (EOL), support for Python 3.7 is now deprecated and will be removed in the next release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Since Python 3.7 reached its end of life (EOL) on 2023-06-27, support for Python 3.7 is now deprecated and will be removed in an upcoming release.
```
